README.md, before:

# Sonic Physics Behaviour: A Construct 2 Addon
This project is a Behaviour addon for [Construct 2](https://www.scirra.com/construct2).
This behaviour is adapted from (and shares functionality with) the built-in Platform behaviour. Objects with this behaviour mimic the movement and controls of the old Sonic the Hedgehog games, particularly in regard to interactions with slopes and loops.
As with built-in behaviours, this addon interacts correctly with attribute-based behaviours such as Solid and Jumpthru behaviours.

Please note that this addon has been developed over a long, drawn-out period of time, where I've really only had a few days at a time to try and work on it. The project has been primarily a learning experience for me, which means that some portions of the code are better-developed, and (by extension) the code is not particularly consistent in terms of quality.
As such, feedback is appreciated, but if you're interested in using this behaviour as an example there are likely better sources:
For information on how the Sonic games handled their physics, I would recommend the [Sonic Physics Guide](http://info.sonicretro.org/Sonic_Physics_Guide) (which was referenced heavily in the development of this addon).
For examples of Construct 2 behaviours, I'd recommend checking the default Platform behaviour's code, as has less Sonic-Physics-Specific code obfuscating the essentials.
For general general Construct 2 addon information, refer to the [Construct 2 Javascript SDK Documentation](https://www.scirra.com/manual/15/sdk).

Commit message:

Updated README again
Added various links to the README:
.c2addon link
.capx link
playable example link

README.md, after:

# Sonic Physics Behaviour: A Construct 2 Addon
This project is a Behaviour addon for [Construct 2](https://www.scirra.com/construct2).
This behaviour is adapted from (and shares functionality with) the built-in Platform behaviour. Objects with this behaviour mimic the movement and controls of the old Sonic the Hedgehog games, particularly in regard to interactions with slopes and loops.
As with built-in behaviours, this addon interacts correctly with attribute-based behaviours such as Solid and Jumpthru.

Links:

[Behaviour .c2addon file](https://danielpetermcdonald.github.io/sonicphysics/sonicphysics.c2addon)
[Example .capx file](https://danielpetermcdonald.github.io/sonicphysics/SonicPhysicsDemo.capx)
[Playable example](https://danielpetermcdonald.github.io/sonicphysics/Demo/index.html)

Please note that this addon has been developed over a long, drawn-out period of time, where I've really only had a few days at a time to try and work on it. The project has been primarily a learning experience for me, which means that some portions of the code are better-developed, and (by extension) the code is not particularly consistent in terms of quality.
As such, feedback is appreciated, but if you're interested in using this behaviour as an example there are likely better sources:
For information on how the Sonic games handled their physics, I would recommend the [Sonic Physics Guide](http://info.sonicretro.org/Sonic_Physics_Guide) (which was referenced heavily in the development of this addon).
For examples of Construct 2 behaviours, I'd recommend checking the default Platform behaviour's code, as has less Sonic-Physics-Specific code obfuscating the essentials.
For general general Construct 2 addon information, refer to the [Construct 2 Javascript SDK Documentation](https://www.scirra.com/manual/15/sdk).
